README.md, before:

# glite-info-provider-service

Documentation is available in the `doc` directory:

- [doc/README](doc/README): general information and information on GLUE 1.
- [doc/README-GLUE2](doc/README-GLUE2): description of the support for GLUE 2.0.

BDII documentation is available at
[gridinfo documentation site](https://gridinfo-documentation.readthedocs.io/).

## Installing from packages

### On RHEL-based systems

On RHEL-based systems, it's possible to install packages from
[EGI UMD packages](https://go.egi.eu/umd). The packages are build from this
repository, and tested to work with other components part of the Unified
Middleware Distribution.

> On CentOS 7, some dependencies are in [EPEL](https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/epel/).

## Building packages

The [Makefile](Makefile) allows building source tarball and packages.

### Building an RPM

The required build dependencies are:

- rpm-build
- yum-utils

```shell
# Checkout tag to package
$ git clone https://github.com/EGI-Foundation/glite-info-provider-service.git
$ cd glite-info-provider-service
$ git checkout X.X.X
# Building in a container
$ docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/source -it quay.io/centos/centos:7
[root@8a9d60c61f42 /]# cd /source
[root@8a9d60c61f42 /]# yum install -y rpm-build yum-utils
[root@8a9d60c61f42 /]# yum-builddep -y glite-info-provider-service.spec
[root@8a9d60c61f42 /]# make rpm
```

The RPM will be available into the `build/RPMS` directory.

## Installing from source

This procedure is not for production deployment, please consider using packages.

- Build dependencies: None
- Runtime dependencies: bdii.

Get the source by cloning this repository and do a `make install`.

## Preparing a release

- Prepare a changelog from the last version, including contributors' names
- Prepare a PR with
  - Updating version and changelog in
    - [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG)
    - [glite-info-provider-service.spec](glite-info-provider-service.spec)
    - [debian/changelog](debian/changelog)
- Merge the PR, then tag and release a new version
  - GitHub Actions build and attach packages to the release page

## History

This work started under the EGEE project, and CERN hosted and maintained it for a long
time. This is now hosted here on GitHub, maintained by the BDII community with support of
members of the EGI Federation.

Commit message:

feat: drop support for CentOS 7 (#16)
Drop support for CentOS 7 that is end of life.

README.md, after:

# glite-info-provider-service

Documentation is available in the `doc` directory:

- [doc/README](doc/README): general information and information on GLUE 1.
- [doc/README-GLUE2](doc/README-GLUE2): description of the support for GLUE 2.0.

BDII documentation is available at
[gridinfo documentation site](https://gridinfo-documentation.readthedocs.io/).

## Installing from packages

### On RHEL-based systems

On RHEL-based systems, it's possible to install packages from
[EGI UMD packages](https://go.egi.eu/umd). The packages are build from this
repository, and tested to work with other components part of the Unified
Middleware Distribution. Some dependencies may be retrieved from
[EPEL](https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/epel/).

## Building packages

The [Makefile](Makefile) allows building source tarball and packages.

### Building an RPM

The required build dependencies are:

- rpm-build
- yum-utils

```shell
# Checkout tag to package
$ git clone https://github.com/EGI-Foundation/glite-info-provider-service.git
$ cd glite-info-provider-service
$ git checkout X.X.X
# Building in a container
$ docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/source -it almalinux:9
[root@8a9d60c61f42 /]# cd /source
[root@8a9d60c61f42 /]# yum install -y rpm-build yum-utils
[root@8a9d60c61f42 /]# yum-builddep -y glite-info-provider-service.spec
[root@8a9d60c61f42 /]# make rpm
```

The RPM will be available into the `build/RPMS` directory.

## Installing from source

This procedure is not for production deployment, please consider using packages.

- Build dependencies: None
- Runtime dependencies: bdii.

Get the source by cloning this repository and do a `make install`.

## Preparing a release

- Prepare a changelog from the last version, including contributors' names
- Prepare a PR with
  - Updating version and changelog in
    - [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG)
    - [glite-info-provider-service.spec](glite-info-provider-service.spec)
    - [debian/changelog](debian/changelog)
- Merge the PR, then tag and release a new version
  - GitHub Actions build and attach packages to the release page

## History

This work started under the EGEE project, and CERN hosted and maintained it for a long
time. This is now hosted here on GitHub, maintained by the BDII community with support of
members of the EGI Federation.
